Amen.
He said there's going to be a new wave of patriotism coming out, and that's whenever I saw Trump and I saw a red wave coming out of Michigan.
Then I saw Oklahoma, and there were embers of people; they had torches all throughout Oklahoma and they were raising up these torches that looked like fire.
They were bringing forth a new patriotism upon the nation, and it was being birthed and just kept spreading like fire all throughout America.
I saw Trump rising up, and then I saw an attempt on his life.
This bullet flew by his ear, and it came so close to his head that it busted his eardrum.
He fell to his knees during this timeframe and he started worshipping the Lord.
He got radically born again during this timeframe.
I'm talking—people say he's saved now, but he becomes really on fire for Jesus from what I saw coming.
Then I saw people interceding.
I saw him winning the presidency.
The Lord showed me it would go clear into the summer; great persecution would come on him through the judges, the law, and all these people trying to sue him, but there would be a stop to it.
Things would start to break free coming toward the fall, and then I saw him winning the election through the patriots coming out and voting.
Then there will be a great economic crash.
I saw they had a great economic plan, a crash worse than the Great Depression.
The Lord warned me about this; it would be a great dark time.
But I saw paddles coming upon America's soil like a shocking of the soil.
I saw Donald Trump praying in the Oval Office, and he was weeping before the Lord with his hands on his head.
He was weeping, and there were ministers and people—I don't know if they were senators or congresspeople—I just saw them pacing back and forth inside the Oval Office, and they were interceding all inside there.
I could feel the presence of the Lord so strong on this.
Then I could see that darkness that was the heaviness upon America with the financial crisis of what I saw coming; it started to lift above the trees.
I saw the blue and the things coming back out, and the green times and good times coming back again.
But the Lord said it would be a season of a shaking, and it would be a shaking to awaken.
Basically, He was not done with America; there would be a great revival.
It's not all doom and gloom—that's what He said.
The sky is not falling.
It's just a time—it's like people would say this is judgment, and the Lord said, "Do not call this judgment.
It's not my judgment; it's a correction.
" There's a correction coming.